.TH MINIPRO 1 "20 February 2014 (v0.1)" "Valentin Dudouyt"
.SH NAME
minipro \- programs various chips using the Minipro TL866XX series of programmers.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B minipro
.RB -l\ \ |
.RB [-p " device"]
.RB [-c " code|data|config"]
.RB [-r|-w " filename"]
.RB [-e] [-u] [-P] [-i|-I]

.B miniprohex
.RB [-p " device"]
.RB [-c " code|data|config"]
.RB [-r|-w " filename"]
.RB [-e] [-u] [-P] [-i|-I]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.I minipro
is an Open Source tool intended to become a complete cross-platform 
replacement for the proprietary utility from Autoelectric. Currently it 
supports more than 13000 of target devices - including AVRs, PICs as 
well as a huge number of other microcontrollers and various memory 
chips.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-l
Get a list of supported devices.

.TP
.B \-p <device>
Specify the device name.  If the desired device name contains a space, 
parenthesis, or at sign; the device name MUST be surrounded by quotes.

.TP
.B \-c <type>
Optionally specify memory type.  Possible values include "code", "data", 
and "config". The "config" memory type is used to access fuses, see
FUSES below.

.TP
.B \-r <filename>
Read from the device and write the contents to this file.

.TP
.B \-w <filename>
Write to the device using this file.

.TP
.B \-e
Do NOT erase device.

.TP
.B \-u
Do NOT disable write-protect.

.TP
.B \-P
Do NOT enable write-protect.

.TP
.B \-v
Do NOT verify after write.

.TP
.B \-i
Use ICSP.

.TP
.B \-I
Use ICSP (without enabling Vcc).

.TP
.B \-y
Do NOT error on ID mismatch.

.SH NOTES

If
.B -c
is omitted and
.B -r
is specified then the code, data (if applicable) and config (if 
applicable) will be read from filename.$ext, filename.eeprom.$ext and 
filename.config.txt correspondingly. If
.B -c
is omitted and
.B -w
is specified then
.B -c code
is getting enforced.

The
.B -i
and
.B -I
options enable use of ICSP port for TL866A models. The former enables 
the voltage supply on the Vcc pin of the ICSP port while the latter 
leaves it off.  These options are of no use for the TL866CS.

The Minipro TL866xx series of chip programmers is distributed by 
Autoelectric.  Their website is
.BR http://www.autoelectric.cn.

.SH FUSES

Fuses can be read and written with the
.B -c config
option. Fuse data is exchanged in a text format. When writing fuses
all fuses on your device must be assigned a value. To see what fuses
are supported by your device use
.B -r
with
.B -c config
to get your current fuse values. This also shows you what the text
format looks like.

.SH AUTHOR
.I minipro
was written by Valentin Dudouyt and is copyright 2014.  Many others 
have contributed code and bug reports.

.SH DISTRIBUTION
The canonical repository for 
.I minipro
is at Github:
.br
.BR https://github.com/vdudouyt/minipro
.br
It is distributed under the GNU General Public License version 2 or (at 
your option) any later version.
.br
.BR http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html
.br
This software is offered as-is with no warranty or liability.  If you 
find a bug or would like minipro to do something it doesn't currently 
do, please visit the above Github website and report your concerns.

